‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎To help them defeat the fearsome
‎Destroyer, Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎-called on Rena Rouge and Carapace!
‎-Today's the day!
‎Let's hope they'll defeat this new
‎villain soon. Stay tuned for updates!
‎The battle is in full swing!
‎Oh, no!
‎And now Paris' most poignant monument
‎is being ravaged by the supervillain!
‎How embarrassing! Without me,
‎they look ridiculous, utterly ridiculous!
‎Come on, Ladybug, you need help!
‎Come and fetch Chloé!
‎Oh, yeah, sorry!
‎Come and fetch Queen Bee!
‎Mayura, Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎are in trouble!
‎Chloé is already waiting for her,
‎like she always does.
‎Perfect. Be ready in case Ladybug
‎goes and hands her the Bee Miraculous.
‎But Ladybug calls her lucky charm
‎and gets... a rubber duck?
‎What'll she do with that,
‎while Cat Noir, Rena Rouge and... ?
‎Come on!
‎What are you waiting for? You need me!
‎OK! Of course! That's brilliant!
‎And Ladybug pulls it off yet again!
‎She's defeated Destroyer,
‎with the help of all her friends.
‎All? All? What about Queen Bee?
‎-That's really not cool.
‎-Oh, you so don't get it!
‎Ladybug only calls on me when she has
‎serious villains to contend with!
‎Uh, yeah, of course!
‎Wayzz, shell off!!
‎Trixx, let's rest!
‎And don't forget, nobody
‎can ever know our secret identities.
‎-Except us, of course.
‎-Thank you! See you again next time!
‎-Still haven't spoken to her, huh?
‎-It's dangerous to use Chloé!
‎Everybody knows that she was Queen Bee!
‎Everyone including Hawk Moth!
‎He could use it to trap us! That's why
‎our identities must remain a secret.
‎And the best-kept secrets are the ones
‎you don't share. Yeah, yeah, I know.
‎I don't think Chloé knows
‎her time as Queen Bee is over.
‎I know. I just haven't had time to tell
‎her! And... and I won't today either!
‎-I'm about to transform back!
‎-Milady, promise me you'll talk to her.
‎It's the right thing to do.
‎Yeah, sure!
‎Chloé Bourgeois
‎must become Queen Bee again!
‎Are you still considering
‎making her an ally?
‎Ladybug has grown reluctant
‎to give Chloé the Miraculous.
‎-She's being very careful.
‎-Then I'll get Chloé to force to Ladybug
‎to give it to her. All I need
‎is for her to lose all hope in Ladybug
‎to become angry enough
‎so I can akumatize her.
‎Maybe it's time we bring Lila Rossi's
‎psychological talents into the plan.
‎Excellent idea, Nathalie.
‎I want to thank you for trusting me,
‎Mr Agreste.
‎I'm very honoured
‎to be able to protect Adrien.
‎But I'm saddened
‎by all the people around him.
‎Your son deserves better
‎than that friend of his, Nino.
‎Not to mention all the girls
‎clamouring to catch his eye,
‎especially Marinette
‎and that stuck-up Chloé!
‎Chloé! Pff! She won't stop bragging
‎about being Queen Bee!
‎But Adrien couldn't care less
‎about these girls. He's just so perfect!
‎I don't think Adrien's
‎completely indifferent to Chloé!
‎They've had a strong friendship since
‎they were young that no one can ruin.
‎-Thank you, Lila. I'll see you tomorrow.
‎-Yes. See you tomorrow.
‎I'm sure that this young lady
‎will help us implement our grand plan.
‎Rena Rouge and Carapace are so tacky!
‎I just don't understand why Ladybug
‎keeps calling them in when I, Queen Bee...
‎-Good morning, everyone!
‎-Hey, Lila!
‎Yeah. Let's go study for that test.
‎-What test?
‎-The Science test this afternoon.
‎-Argh!
‎-Come on, I'll get you up to speed!
‎-Were you talking about Ladybug?
‎-Uh... Who are you, again?
‎-That's Lila. She's in our class.
‎-Really?
‎Well, she clearly didn't make
‎a big impression on me.
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎Oh, I love your sense of humour!
‎I remember now
‎that Ladybug's mentioned it a few times.
‎-You talk to Ladybug?
‎-Course!
‎She and I are very close friends. A bit
‎like you used to be, back in the day.
‎Whenever I feel like seeing her,
‎I've a magic command
‎that calls her to me right away!
‎-Magic?
‎-Yeah.
‎Just like your signal to summon her,
‎except mine works every time!
‎Well, to each her own.
‎Don't you want to know what it is?
‎If you insist.
‎If Ladybug
‎doesn't come to you with that,
‎then you'll know she's not a true friend!
‎Go ahead! I'll meet you!
‎Uh...
‎-Chloé?
‎-What do you want, Dupain-Cheng?
‎I don't know what Lila just told you,
‎but you should watch out for her.
‎Besides, I'm sure Ladybug will come and
‎see you anyway, with or without magic.
‎-Are you making fun of me?
‎-No! No, I'm not!
‎I can see Ladybug
‎whenever I feel like it, OK?
‎So mind your own business, Dupain-Cheng!
‎-You really ought to talk to Chloé!
‎-But I just did!
‎-It's pointless, obviously!
‎-No! Marinette talked to Chloé.
‎The only person
‎Chloé listens to is Ladybug.
‎ You're right.
‎Our ally is living up to our expectations.
‎I can already feel Chloé's anger rising.
‎-Get ready, Mayura.
‎-Yes, Hawk Moth.
‎It's time.
‎Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
‎Lollipop! Lollipop!
‎No, Auguste! I've told you already.
‎You're too little to have lollipops!
‎Fly away, beautiful amok.
‎Enhance and hone that frustration.
‎Lollipop!
‎Oh!
‎A sentimonster! Sorry, Chloé,
‎you're ‎gonna‎ have to wait a bit longer!
‎Today's the day!
‎-Welcome back... !
‎-Move, Jean-Gaspard!
‎Thank you. I'll be safe now.
‎You're right. It's nice and safe in here.
‎How about we just hang and wait
‎for a camembert monster instead?
‎If we run into one,
‎I'll save you a big chunk!
‎Come on. Plagg, claws out!
‎Look out, Milady!
‎Lollipops are bad for your teeth!
‎I don't see an akumati‎s‎ed person anywhere!
‎Seems like this sentimonster
‎is all on its own!
‎-Come on, hurry!
‎-Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
‎The battle between Ladybug
‎and the monster has begun!
‎If Ladybug doesn't show up,
‎I could go fetch our costumes
‎-and we could play dress-up.
‎-That's right, go fetch the costumes.
‎Come on!
‎I've got a magic command
‎that calls her to me right away!
‎Don't you want to know what it is?
‎No, that would be ridiculous,
‎utterly ‎ri‎...
‎Ladybug, Ladybug, Ladybug!
‎Mademoiselle seemed
‎a little upset earlier.
‎Get lost, Jean-Pascal!
‎Mademoiselle
‎needs a few minutes to herself.
‎Gotcha! Bye-bye, little feather.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎But I did the magic dance! Ladybug
‎wouldn't have forgotten all about me!
‎That smart-‎alec‎ idiot at school
‎took me for a ride!
‎Yes, I feel the anger rising.
‎My plan is rolling out beautifully!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise her!
‎That's OK.
‎We can still play Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎Play? With you? Who are you anyway?
‎You don't have any powers.
‎You're a nobody!
‎I'm a superheroine, OK? I am Queen Bee!
‎You and I have nothing in common! Go away!
‎My dear Chloé Bourgeois,
‎this is Hawk Moth.
‎Ladybug wants to strip you
‎of your superpowers?
‎Well, I can empower you.
‎Come with me,
‎and we will recover
‎the Bee Miraculous together.
‎We will be a team,
‎and your powers will know no limits!
‎No, Hawk Moth!
‎I'm a superheroine! I am Queen Bee!
‎Ladybug will come and get me when
‎she needs me. I will never join you!
‎Chloé Bourgeois really is quite... unique.
‎But I can feel a negative emotion
‎not far from her. A friend
‎who could help us achieve our goal.
‎Follow it, my evil akuma.
‎‎ Stop tickling me!
‎Miraculer!
‎Your friend has rejected you because she's
‎only interested in other people's powers.
‎Well, I'm giving you the power
‎to steal those powers from them
‎and win back your friendship.
‎And, in return, you will bring me
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
‎Thank you, Hawk Moth.
‎Chloé and I will be a real team, at last!
‎Pound it!
‎Hey, you're on the late side.
‎The fight was five minutes ago!
‎"The fight was five minutes ago."
‎Actually, it's right now!
‎You've neglected Chloé
‎one time too many, Ladybug!
‎I guess you didn't
‎work things out with her.
‎-I was about to, but...
‎-"I was about to, but..."
‎Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
‎Cat Noir, I'm ‎gonna‎ transform back
‎at any second!
‎-"Ooh! Help me, Cat Noir!"
‎-I don't even talk like that!
‎Stop mimicking me!
‎Lucky charm!
‎-What have you done?
‎-She's swiped your power!
‎That copycat! Get ‎backup‎! I'll handle her!
‎Cataclysm!
‎What's the phrase again?
‎Oh! Cataclysm!
‎Oh, Chloé's ‎gonna‎ love our powers!
‎I'm sure you're right, Miraculer!
‎Run and find her, now!
‎Plagg, claws in!
‎So, that's what it feels like
‎to get cataclysmed!
‎I promise I'll never call the dinosaurs
‎a bunch of wusses ever again!
‎Plagg, grab some camembert in my jacket.
‎We'll rest till Ladybug comes back.
‎Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
‎you must pick an ally you can trust
‎to fight alongside you on this mission.
‎Once the mission is over, you will get
‎the Miraculous back and return them to me.
‎Miraculer has stolen both of our powers.
‎We're going to need everyone.
‎-Even... Chloé?
‎-This person is her best friend!
‎If anyone can help us, it's Chloé!
‎-You sure?
‎-It might be the last time,
‎but we definitely need her this time!
‎-Cat Noir? Are you OK?
‎-It's nothing.
‎I just got cataclysmed in the ribs.
‎I'll be fine.
‎I promise you we'll get our powers back,
‎Cat Noir, and I'll heal you!
‎I can't wait!
‎Aaah!
‎-We don't know how Ladybug and Cat Noir--
‎-Chloé!
‎I have powers now.
‎We can play together again!
‎-Sabrina?
‎-I'm Miraculer now!
‎I've stolen Cat Noir and Ladybug's
‎superpowers. Do you want Ladybug's?
‎Then you can be Ladybug
‎and I'll be Cat Noir!
‎-Just like we've always dreamed of!
‎-Not like this!
‎You are so far off the mark!
‎I don't want to be Ladybug!
‎There's only one Ladybug and she isn't me!
‎I am...
‎Queen Bee?
‎Ah! About time too!
‎Right on time.
‎Hey!
‎-Who are you?
‎-I am Mayura!
‎If you team up with us,
‎your dream will finally come true!
‎-She's with Hawk Moth and me!
‎-Watch out.
‎It sounds like a nightmare to me!
‎You'll be the one living the nightmare,
‎Kitty!
‎-We're getting good at this!
‎-Focus, Turtle Boy!
‎Lucky charm! Cataclysm!
‎Ha!
‎We wouldn't be in this situation
‎if you and Ladybug had gotten me sooner!
‎-Thanks, Chloé, that's super helpful!
‎-If I'd had my Bee Miraculous,
‎I could have helped you!
‎I'd have floored those two by now!
‎-Finally!
‎-Shh! I've got a plan. Just listen.
‎Stay still, you mangy cat!
‎Here, kitty, kitty, kitty! Come on!
‎Sabrina! I've changed my mind!
‎I do want Ladybug's power!
‎They should have gotten me sooner!
‎But since they chose not to, I've decided
‎I'd rather play with you instead!
‎Perfect! Just as I planned it!
‎Mayura, grab Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎Oh, I'm so happy!
‎We're going to have so much fun!
‎Here's Ladybug's power!
‎Thank you, Miraculer!
‎I really needed that back!
‎You confused me for a pathetic illusion
‎and you claim to be my best friend?
‎-Huh?
‎-Not on my watch!
‎Cataclysm!
‎-Cat Noir!
‎-I'm sorry, Milady.
‎-I held out for as long as I could.
‎-Lucky Charm! Cataclysm!
‎Shelter!
‎Come back, Mayura.
‎You've got the Bee Miraculous already.
‎Miraculer will take care
‎of Cat Noir and Ladybug's Miraculous.
‎I got this!
‎Lost something?
‎Chloé! Follow Mayura!
‎She's probably going back to Hawk Moth.
‎You won't regret this, Ladybug!
‎Pollen, buzz on!
‎Chloé!
‎Where did she go?
‎Ladybug's going to think I'm incompetent!
‎Don't mess with Bee! Stand still!
‎Let me ask you just one question.
‎Do you enjoy being Ladybug's servant?
‎Having to wait
‎for the loan of a Miraculous?
‎Wouldn't you rather
‎have boundless powers of your own?
‎-That's three questions.
‎-Come with us, Chloé.
‎You can be Queen Bee
‎whenever you want.
‎Ladybug gave me a new chance,
‎so I'll give her one too.
‎You'll regret this!
‎You'll regret underestimating me,
‎you despicable bird!
‎What would happen if I took this from you?
‎Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
‎Where did she go?
‎Mirage!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Shelter!
‎Good luck getting hold of my akuma now!
‎Lucky charm!
‎A pillow?
‎The more there are of you,
‎the dumber you get!
‎What am I supposed to do with this?
‎-Tickles!
‎-Of course!
‎-I thought we were friends!
‎-Well, you were wrong!
‎Sabrina is my friend, not Miraculer!
‎-Ha, ha, ha! That tickles!
‎-Want some more?
‎No! No! Shelter!
‎No more evil-doing for you,
‎little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Ladybug, Mayura got away from me.
‎I'm sorry, utterly sorry.
‎That's OK, Queen Bee.
‎We'll get her next time.
‎If you'd given it to me earlier, we
‎probably would've defeated Hawk Moth.
‎I'm sorry, Chloé. I should have
‎told you this a long time ago.
‎I might never be able
‎to let you be Queen Bee again.
‎What?
‎But I did everything you asked me to!
‎I know. But this is for your own safety.
‎It's too dangerous for you, because
‎Hawk Moth knows that you're Queen Bee.
‎Buzz off!
‎I understand. But I'm sure
‎that you'll need me again, Ladybug.
‎I know that I'll be Queen Bee again,
‎some day. I will always be Queen Bee.
‎-Thank you, Chloé.
‎Let's go!
‎Ladies...
‎I guess you'll never
‎want to play with me again, now.
‎Of course I will.
‎I just don't want to be Ladybug any more.
‎-You can keep the costume if you want.
‎-Oh, goody!
‎I'm sorry, Hawk Moth. I failed.
‎No, Mayura.
‎We've set the stage for the future.
‎Queen Bee will change her mind.
‎-Hey! You!
‎-Chloé!
‎That magic code you told me,
‎to call Ladybug.
‎-It was just a big joke, wasn't it?
‎-Of course it wasn't!
‎-Why? Weren't you with Ladybug yesterday?
‎-Uh... Yes.
‎-So it worked, then.
‎Ugh! OK, fine.
‎You're not completely useless!
‎I hope I didn't hurt Chloé's feelings
‎too much. She's worked so hard.
‎It's for her own good.
‎And you're also protecting
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir by doing that!
‎That's what being
‎a superheroine is all about!